-Goals with this RomHack-

Enhance a playthrough of Pokemon Black by increasing the availabilty of wild Pokemon, tweaking 
trainer rosters throughout the game while keeping the original spirit of the first installments of Gen 5
intact such as, and this is the most important one, keeping the main campaign limited to the original
Unova dex so only Gen 5 Pokemon are available.

- Wild Pokemon are a lot more diverse throughout the game, with several species being added earlier to
give a fresh new experience to players, such as Minccino being found on Route 2 and Ducklett being added
to Route 3. Post-Game areas also receive this change, with as many Pokemon from previous generations being
available as possible

- All Pokemon have updated Learnsets, adding some moves that they learn from later generations as
well as adding some choice Egg moves and moves they would learn through the B2W2 move tutors while also
getting a few new toys to play with (Such as Blaze Kick for Zebstrika, Earth Power for Lilligant and 
Psycho Cut for Serperior) 

- Trainer rosters have been updated to add a little bit more variety to a playthrough while Gym Leaders
and other boss characters have been given extra Pokemon and/or new items and strategies. This should increase 
the difficulty of a playthrough but it's more to keep players on their toes and be more engaged rather than 
rip their hair out. [Sidenote - There are going to be some cheeky surprises and potential difficulty spikes,
especially with Ace Trainers/Veterans and Lenora living up to her reputation with her added third Pokemon]

- Due to the amount of Level 1 moves added to Pokemon's learnsets, Heart Scales have been made a lot more
readily available with Alomomola having a 50% chance of holding one (a la Luvdisc) and the Athletes in 
Big Stadium/Small Court rewarding Heart Scales when they are defeated.

- There are Four new NPC trainers during the main campaign that each award an item upon being defeated;
Blackbelt Takeshi, Outer Pinwheel Forest - Muscle Band
Lass Alicia, Castelia City - Wise Glasses
Ace Trainer Sasha, Driftveil City - Leftovers 
Veteran Zenith, Dragonspiral Tower - TM35 Flamethrower

- Additionally all 11* Gym Leaders can be encountered hanging around the post-game areas and can be challenged
to a one time rematch. They will automatically challenge you to a battle if talked to so make sure you're prepared 
and have saved previously (or just prepared if you're Nuzlocking)
*Including the other two Striaton Brothers as well as Iris.

- A couple of extra bonus battles can be done in the Shopping Mall Nine during the post-game, one of them being
a rematch with me! Well, rematch if you encountered me in Victory Road that is. 


- Challenger's Cave and Dreamyard Basement, after certain conditions are met, will be accessible before the 
Post-Game, opening up a lot of optional content and allowing valuable items like TM13 Ice Beam, 
TM29 Psychic and the Life Orb to be acquired before the Post-Game
 -Challenger's Cave: Reach Route 9
 -Dreamyard Basement: Beat Skyla

- Some item placements have been shifted around during the main campaign;
TM59 Incinerate - Route 2 (requires Cut)
Shiny Stone - Lostlorn Forest
Choice Scarf - Moor of Iccirus (requires Strength)
Choice Specs - Lostlorn Forest (requires Waterfall)
Choice Band - Dragonspiral Tower
TM13 Ice Beam - Challenger's Cave 
TM29 Psychic - Dreamyard (requires going through the basement)
Life Orb - Challenger's Cave
The little girl on Route 6 that gives you a Shiny Stone now gives you a RageCandyBar which you can take to the
Desert Resort to encounter a Zen Mode Darmanitan for your playthrough.

- Trainer rosters for the Royal Unova in Castelia has been updated. Completing the event now rewards 
different items from vanilla;
Monday = Focus Sash
Tuesday = Toxic Orb
Wednesday = Flame Orb
Thursday = 5 x White Herb
Friday = 10 x Leppa Berry
Saturday = Cherish Ball
Sunday = 20 x Rare Candy

- - Berry Bundle merchants have been added to several towns across Unova, they work similarly to how the MooMoo
Milk vendor works in that you pay them that cold hard munty and you get a stack of Berries.
They are found in;
Nacrene City Pokemon Centre*    -Basic restoration Berries (Oran, Pecha, Cheri etc)
Nimbasa City Pokemon Centre     -Exotic/Natural Gift Berries
Driftveil City Pokemon Centre   -Higher End restoration Berries (Sitrus, Leppa, Lum etc)
Driftveil City Market           -Stat Pinch Berries 
Mistralton City Airport         -Type reducing Berries (fair warning, this will be a very long sequence!
Opelucid City Pokemon Centre    -Exotic Pinch Berries (Custap, Starf etc)

- As of v1.5, every Pokemon can be obtainable within JetBlack.

- As of v1.6, Elemental Gems can be obtained by trading Dragon Scales to an NPC in Nacrene City.

- As of v1.7, in Nimbasa there is an NPC who will allow you to switch what kind of ball your Pokemon are
caught in. 

- As of v1.7, Several 2nd clerks in select Pokemon Centres now sell some handy items for your playthrough.
Mostly Evolution stones and one use held items.

- As of v1.7, the Harlequin in Studio Castelia will now let you choose from these items after showing him
the Pokemon of the type he requests once per day;
Cherish Ball
Heart Scale
Dragon Scale
Rare Candy
PP Up



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-Nuzlocking Info-

For those who want to attempt a Hardcore Nuzlocke of Pokémon JetBlack, I have provided the Level caps for all the
main bosses as well as some optional level caps (denoted with a *). If you have the time, I would love it if you 
considered your Nuzlocke completed after defeating Alder in the Post-Game and become the champion of Unova! But 
that's entirely optional, it is YOUR run after all and it's up to your discretion.

As for grinding, I have tried to make it so that Audino have higher-ish levels (especially on Route 10 and Giant Chasm)
but I have not provided an infinite source of Rare Candies as I do want to keep the RPG aspect of the series but by
all means hack them in via PokeGen,PKHex etc

-Level Caps-

Cilan/Chili/Cress Lvl 15
Lenora            Lvl 21
Burgh             Lvl 25
Elesa             Lvl 29
Clay              Lvl 34
Skyla             Lvl 39
Brycen            Lvl 44
Drayden           Lvl 51
Elite 4           Lvl 56
N                 Lvl 58
Ghetsis           Lvl 60
Leader Rematch    Lvl 69*
SM9 Trainers      Lvl 73*
Cynthia           Lvl 78*
Elite 4 Round 2   Lvl 76
Alder             Lvl 79
